hey everyone
welcome to the course on nfts
in this course we're going to teach you
everything you need to know about nfds
you're going to leave this course
thinking hey
i know everything there needs to know to
have a solid foundation when it comes to
nfts now nothing in this course is
considered investing advice
beware of that
but we'll be teaching you all of the
basics since nfts is such a hot topic
and
how to navigate the nft space
now the goal of this course is
to learn about nfts
to understand the uses of nfts
because there are many uses
right now we're seeing one predominant
use being digital art be extremely
popular but there are many uses for nfts
and then we're going to show you how you
can mint
and sell
your own nfts on a marketplace
to simplify it we're going to take you
through everything that is nft right now
but we're also going to break down hey
what what is this nft concept what can i
do with it
and so at first we're going to dive a
bit deeper into learning about nfts
we're going to focus on the what
the why
the how
and by doing that we'll create a strong
foundation about this concept of nfts
because it's broader than the use case
that is being used for today which is
digital art
and then once we zoom in on that we'll
be taking a look at
understanding the uses because there are
more uses than what we're seeing right
now
we're going to say hey what uses are
there
why is digital art so popular
and then we're going to say hey
what powers the use of digital art we're
going to take a look at how is this
happening what's behind the scenes right
and then by understanding that we can
then zoom in on hey how do i mint and
sell my own nfds we'll talk about what
is minting
how do i mint
and
what platforms can i sell on right
because this is intended to be a
foundational course let's take a look at
nfd's let's zoom in on a lot of things
that go into nfts and then let's
figure out how we can get into the
market
and by doing that we can strengthen our
understanding strengthen our position
and really start to gain
more in-depth interest into the industry
and jump start our adventure into nfds